# SyntroPiNav

SyntroPiNav is a Raspberry Pi/Raspbian SyntroNet app for streaming IMU data across a nework. A separate app, SyntroNavView can be used to display the data stream. The stream consists of the raw sensor data (gyro, accelerometer and magnetometer) along with a pose generated by fusing the sensor data with a Kalman filter.

Check out www.richards-tech.com and search for SyntroPiNav to find more instructions and advice.

SyntroPiNav uses the RTIMULib IMU library. Check out https://github.com/richards-tech/RTIMULib for more information on the operation of the library and configuration of the system via the RTIMULib.ini settings file.

### Dependencies

1. Qt4 or Qt5 development libraries and headers
2. SyntroCore libraries and headers 

The system dependencies can be satisfied by executing:

	sudo apt-get install libqt4-dev

### Fetch

        git clone git://github.com/richards-tech/SyntroPiNav.git


### Build 

Go to the SyntroPiNav directory and:

        qmake 
        make 
        sudo make install

### Run

#### GUI mode

        SyntroPiNav

The GUI window should pop up and display the IMU data. This mode can also be used for calibrating the compass.

#### Console mode

        SyntroPiNav -c

In this mode, there is no GUI and execution is more efficient as a result.


### Configuration

SyntroPiNav writes a configuration file to the ~/.config/Syntro directory, 
so if you run it from your home directory like this

        ~$ SyntroPiNav &

Then you will get a file called ~/.config/Syntro/SyntroPiNav.ini. The RTIMULib configuration data is loaded and stored from the working directory and is called RTIMULib.ini.

